Add a new entry about AI-generated responses (#30367)
ocaml/opam-repository: governance/policies/README.md

* Weak hash algorithms would induce that cryptographic signatures would be weak, or would need another set of checksums. This is costly and convolutes the repository.

See the [announcement](https://discuss.ocaml.org/t/ann-opam-repository-policy-change-checksums-no-md5-and-no-extra-files/14720) and [discussion](https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/issues/25876) for further details.

> ## 14. Discussions between release managers and maintainers must not involve the use of LLMs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 14. Package contributors accounts should have a human behind them
```

Reviewer: My reasoning for this is that it's not just LLMs: https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/pull/30216 came from an automated account (from release CI on their end) and we have to hunt for the owner behind it. Ideally every PR should have a human attached.

> The review work (sometimes carried out on a voluntary basis) by the maintainers of `opam-repository` has always been carried out by humans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The review work by the maintainers of `opam-repository` is carried out by humans, and we need to have a contact to respond to our feedback.
```

#### Reasoning:

> * To date, there is no automation involved in deciding whether or not to accept a new project into `opam-repository`. In this regard, it is permitted for a proposal for a new project to be submitted automatically, **but** any subsequent discussions regarding that proposal must take place between humans. Any response generated by AI will be rejected.

Reviewer 2: Would these additions on top of Anil's proposal be acceptable, giving the stronger requirement @dinosaure asks for (and which I agree is warranted), but without prohibiting (possibly useful) machine-generated input on PRs (while also requiring such generation being clearly indicated)?

```suggestion
* A proposal for a new package can be submitted from bot accounts, but the PR should be tagged with a human contact so the opam-repo maintainers know who to talk to.
* Subsequent discussions regarding the PR should avoid excessive noise, such as large LLM-generated responses or automated triage logs, to avoid overloading the maintainers.
* Any machine generated comments on a package publication PR must be explicitly identified as such.
* When human reviewers ask questions or provide guidance, they must be met with human replies.
```

Reviewer: I think asking people to identify 'machine-generated inputs' is pretty ambiguous. All of my own submissions are machine-generated opam files and not hand-written, via dune's automated opam file generation! :-)

Reviewer 2: Would "machine generated **comments** on a package publication PR" work for you?

IMO, it would also be useful to ensure that automatically generated PRs (maybe opam files, but I think that is the norm now) are clearly tagged as such (which opam-release does, but dune-publish does not), but I don't think its critical. It's interesting that (AFAIK) all dune-generated opam files have such an indication (e.g., https://github.com/ocaml/dune/blob/4fd9626a1cc4c9019267e2c99fb02d9162a78213/opam/dune.opam#L1), but I guess this is stripped out when preparing the pakage publication PR.

In any case, I don't have strong feelings on the precise details, and I'm just trying to find a way forward for this PR :)

Author: As long as the last point is kept (and ensure that further discussions are made by humans), I'm ok.

Reviewer: These suggestions all sounds fine to me!

> * To date, there is no automation involved in deciding whether or not to accept a new project into `opam-repository`. In this regard, it is permitted for a proposal for a new project to be submitted automatically, **but** any subsequent discussions regarding that proposal must take place between humans. Any response generated by AI will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A proposal for a new package can be submitted from bot accounts, but the PR should be tagged with a human contact so the opam-repo maintainers know who to talk to.
* Subsequent discussions regarding the PR should avoid excessive noise, such as large LLM-generated responses or automated triage logs, to avoid overloading the maintainers.
```

Just splitting this up into two concerns: one is making sure we have a human handle to talk to, and the other is avoid large amounts of slop (which we thankfully have not had to deal with yet)

Author: I would like to be a bit more radical about the second point and I would like emphase the fact that interactions must be human-to-human on subsequent messages.

Reviewer 2: I've applied the iterated version of this suggestion, so will consider this resolved, tho I don't mean to insist on the particular wording, @dinosaure.
